update readme (#25001)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: sdk/resourcemanager/resources/armdeploymentstacks/README.md

> # Azure DeploymentStacks Module for Go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Azure Deployment Stacks Module for Go
```

> The `armdeploymentstacks` module provides operations for working with Azure Resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `armdeploymentstacks` module provides operations for working with Azure Deployment Stacks.
```
